hey guys we are going to give away one
of these two and we're going to have a
fat pat ward so here we go Khan's of
tarkir and I will have a link at the end
of this video as well as in the About
section where you can actually enter the
contest so you will pick either cons of
tart here or you can pick fate reforged
and then you get all the cards minus the
you don't get the lands and you don't
get the dice but I mean you get all the
cards that we pull free and it's kind of
fun enjoy doing this this would be the
second time last time the person won
both because the poet were not good so
hopefully the pause will be a little bit
better this time I definitely want to
have at least one fetch land right I
mean we will see and so don't leave a
comment in this video leave a comment on
thief your favorite animal and the video
link in the About section and that's how
you can win so nine days nine packs and
then from these nine packs we are going
to choose a winner probably around the
end of februari yep would be when when I
will be chosen and they will win
everything we open from these to boost
packs just like last time oh it will win
everything we open from the fat pat be
Cheers unless the fab have to really bad
in that case they would get both like
price is right anyway and let's see
dowson gloom or flare Eric battle rage
hunt the week that's a good card and I
would get to non comments oh that's a
good uncomment this uncommon is modern
playable right of undoing cloud form oh
wow alright so this one oh this is not
the mythic one herbs but I mean not bad
not bad crucible of the spirit dragon is
pretty good
sarcastic sarcasm and a foil mordioux
strike leader so this pack words not bad
as pack and then the land was a non
fetch land this pack was actually not
too bad so I'm going to put all the
cards that are worth more than like a
dollar here Margie strike later is a
very good card I actually play it
actually need another copy of it so
maybe the person you trade me a copy of
this and ok so scheming truck a blast
very good card this is one of the best
let me do cards in my opinion i deftly
well this is probably the best lipidic
card Sam's it's kind of weird to see
like out of film is I'm sure used to
opening fate reforged I see it from the
this was a very good pat for a draft
like extremely good like extremely good
for draft or seal doom blass in a marg
you heart piercer so we start off kind
of weird we have let's say uncommon so
pretty much steam RG deck is looking
pretty good but this car is very good
and limited this is like first round
first pickable this card very good to
just charge very good this card's very
good how do you program is like okay
this luxe and name is pretty good um
this is pretty good comfort blast
depending on the deck I mean comfort
blast that's very well sometimes so yeah
very interesting first pack we got a
crucible of spare dragon and then a foil
more do strike later in the second pack
or the first pack of color to talk here
we've got a doom blast in a foil marred
you heart t-shirt so do more Duke land
is looking pretty good right now and
again you will leave a comment with your
favorite animal and the fat pack you
want to win and the link below I hope
there's a link below anyway bye guys